[synthetics] Add info on timezones (#3079)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-configuration.asciidoc

[[synthetics-configuration-playwright-options]]
= `playwrightOptions`

For all available options, refer to the https://playwright.dev/docs/test-configuration[Playwright documentation]. 

Below are details on a few Playwright options that are particularly relevant to Elastic Synthetics including timeouts, timezones, and device emulation.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-configuration-playwright-options-timeouts]]
== Timeouts

Playwright has two types of timeouts that are used in Elastic Synthetics:
https://playwright.dev/docs/test-timeouts#action-and-navigation-timeouts[action and navigation timeouts].

Elastic Synthetics uses a default action and navigation timeout of 50 seconds.
You can override this default using https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-testoptions#test-options-action-timeout[`actionTimeout`] and https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-testoptions#test-options-navigation-timeout[`navigationTimeout`]
in `playwrightOptions`.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-configuration-playwright-options-timezones]]
== Timezones

> By default monitors will run in the ??? timezone, but you can specify a timezone in

Author: It wasn't clear to me when reading the issue what the default behavior is if this is not explicitly set.

Reviewer: @colleenmcginnis unfortunately that's part of the problem.  On the service we're not currently setting this, so a default of `Etc/Unknown` is being _used_ which is not valid (see https://github.com/elastic/synthetics-service/issues/1312).

Many sites won't care, but if the site needs to check the timezone, they may fail because of this.

Author: Ohh I see.

> By default monitors will run in the ??? timezone, but you can specify a timezone in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default monitors uses the time zone of the host machine, but you can specify a timezone
```

> By default monitors will run in the ??? timezone, but you can specify a timezone in
> `playwrightOptions` on a per monitor or global basis.

Author: What about something like this?

```suggestion
By default, Elastic Synthetics does not set a timezone for synthetic monitors.
Many websites don't require a site visitor's timezone to function, but if any journey in
your project is set up to visit a website that _does_ require a timezone, you can specify
a timezone to use when the monitor runs using `playwrightOptions` on a per monitor
or global basis.
```

Reviewer: To be picky, the service doesn't set the timezone but a private location may well have this set.  Also, we are intending to add the timezone to the service with https://github.com/elastic/synthetics-service/issues/1312 in the short term (although I can't say when exactly)

Reviewer 2: Just adding a suggestion. We could start like
```
By default monitors uses the time zone of the host machine. This is not always desirable if we want to test how a given web application behaves across different timezones. 
```

> To set the timezone for all monitors in the project, set https://playwright.dev/docs/emulation#locale--timezone[`locale` and `timezoneId`]

Reviewer: I don't think this link is correct (it's linking to `https://playwright.dev/docs/emulation#locale%E2%80%94%E2%80%8Btimezone`)

[[synthetics-configuration-playwright-options]]
= `playwrightOptions`

For all available options, refer to the https://playwright.dev/docs/test-configuration[Playwright documentation]. 

Below are details on a few Playwright options that are particularly relevant to Elastic Synthetics including timeouts, timezones, and device emulation.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-configuration-playwright-options-timeouts]]
== Timeouts

Playwright has two types of timeouts that are used in Elastic Synthetics:
https://playwright.dev/docs/test-timeouts#action-and-navigation-timeouts[action and navigation timeouts].

Elastic Synthetics uses a default action and navigation timeout of 50 seconds.
You can override this default using https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-testoptions#test-options-action-timeout[`actionTimeout`] and https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-testoptions#test-options-navigation-timeout[`navigationTimeout`]
in `playwrightOptions`.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-configuration-playwright-options-timezones]]

> == Timezones

Reviewer: Maybe this should read `Timezones and locale` as both are referenced?

> By default, monitors use the timezone of the host machine. This is not always desirable

Reviewer 2: @paulb-elastic WDYT? host machine is it better or we can say like `machine where the monitors are executed?`

Reviewer: It's a bit awkward because we're not currently setting this for the service locations.  For the sake of this 8.9 doc update, maybe we should just call that out, something like:

> The Elastic global managed testing infrastructure does not currently set the timezone. For Private Locations, the monitors will use the timezone of the host machine running the Elastic Agent. This is not always desirable if you want to test how a web application behaves across different timezones. To specify what timezone to use when the monitor runs...

Author: Ah this is much clearer than what I had. Thank you!

if you want to test how a web application behaves across different timezones.

> To specify what timezone to use when the monitor runs, you can use `playwrightOptions`

Reviewer: Maybe: _To specify what timezone and/or locale to use when..._

on a per monitor or global basis.

> To use a timezone for all monitors in the project, set

Reviewer: Maybe: _To set a timezone and/or locale for all monitors..._
